DOC-719: Document mentions features and fixes (#1761)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: plugins/mentions.md

### `mentions_fetch`

> This option lets you request a list of uses from your server that match a search query. The callback gets passed two parameters: one is the search query object, the other is the success callback to execute with the results. The query object has a term property that contains what the user has typed after the "@" sign. The success call should contain an array of users. For information on the user properties to pass the success callback for the available mentions item types (`mentions_item_type`), see: [User properties](#userproperties).

Reviewer: typo in first sentence
This option lets you request a list of **_uses_**
should be:
This option lets you request a list of **_users_**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option lets you request a list of users from your server that match a search query. The callback gets passed two parameters: one is the search query object, the other is the success callback to execute with the results. The query object has a term property that contains what the user has typed after the "@" sign. The success call should contain an array of users. For information on the user properties to pass the success callback for the available mentions item types (`mentions_item_type`), see: [User properties](#userproperties).
```

> This option lets you request a list of uses from your server that match a search query. The callback gets passed two parameters: one is the search query object, the other is the success callback to execute with the results. The query object has a term property that contains what the user has typed after the "@" sign. The success call should contain an array of users. Depending on the kind of [mentions_item_type](#mentions_item_type) used, certain properties are required. Refer to the [User properties](#userproperties) table for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option lets you request a list of uses from your server that match a search query. The callback gets passed two parameters: one is the search query object, the other is the success callback to execute with the results. The query object has a term property that contains what the user has typed after the "@" sign. The success call should contain an array of users. For information on the user properties to pass the success callback for the available mentions item types (`mentions_item_type`), see: [User properties](#userproperties).
```
We try to avoid mid-sentence links: https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/configure/contributing-docs/#linksandcross-references

});
```

The `success` callback can be passed an optional array of extra items. When clicked, the menu reloads and passes additional query parameters to the fetch function. The extra items can be used to search with different queries or show additional results, such as a full text search (which is slower to fetch). Each extra item should contain:

* A "text" property for the content to be displayed in the menu.
* A "meta" property for that will be passed using the fetch query parameter.

> ##### Example with extras

Reviewer 3: Why is this a h5? I may not have enough context here but it looks like it should have stayed as a h4.

Author: The "extras" thing is part of `mentions_fetch` which is documented under a h4 above, so I see this as a subsection of that.

Author: Fixed this

});
```

### `mentions_item_type`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

{{site.requires_5_6v}}

```

This option allows you to specify what kind of user interface item to use when displaying the list of users. The `name` item will just display the user's name, while the `profile` item can also display an optional image and description. Depending on what this option is set to, additional properties may be required for the user object provided via [mentions_fetch](#mentions_fetch). Refer to the [User properties](#userproperties) table for more details.

**Type:** `String`

**Default Value:** `name`

**Possible Values:** `name`, `profile`

#### Example: Using `mentions_item_type`

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'mentions',
  mentions_item_type: 'profile'
});
```

##### User properties

> What properties are required, optional and not available depends on the [mentions_item_type](#mentions_item_type) setting and the [mentions_select](#mentions_select) setting.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Which properties are required, optional and not available depends on the [mentions_item_type](#mentions_item_type) setting and the [mentions_select](#mentions_select) setting.
```

Can we add a sentence in here just specifying what the table below is? In particular it's not fully clear whether `name` and `profile` refer to mentions item type or mentions select.

Author: Clarified this and described what refers to what.

| Name | Value | `name` | `profile` | Description |
| ---- | ----- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| id | string | required | required | Used to identify the user mention in different callbacks |
| name | string | required | required |  Name to display and highlight search matches on |
| image | string | not available | optional | Image source for user avatar |
| description | string | not available | optional | Description to display |

### `mentions_min_chars`

This option makes it possible to specify the number of characters a user need to type after the "@" symbol before the list of users will be displayed.

**Type:** `Number`

**Default Value:** 1

#### Example: Using `mentions_min_chars`

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'mentions',

>   mentions_min_chars: 0

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if it's a deliberate pattern or not, but elsewhere in the docs I'm used to seeing the code snippet for each setting using the default value in the snippet. Feel free to ignore this

Author: You're right, fixed!

});
```

### `mentions_item_type`

{{site.requires_5_6v}}

> This option allows you to specify what kind of user interface item to use when displaying the list of users. The `name` item will just display the user's name, while the `profile` item can also display an optional image and description. Depending on what this option is set to, additional properties may be required for the user object provided via [mentions_fetch](#mentions_fetch). Refer to the [User properties](#userproperties) table for more details.

Reviewer 4: We shouldn't be referring to "you" or anything like that in technical documentation. I know there's a lot of older parts that still do that, but we should avoid it in newer docs.
```suggestion
This option controls what kind of user interface item to use when displaying the list of users. The `name` item will just display the user's name, while the `profile` item can also display an optional image and description. Depending on what this option is set to, additional properties may be required for the user object provided via [mentions_fetch](#mentions_fetch). Refer to the [User properties](#userproperties) table for more details.
```

Reviewer 4: @tylerkelly13 will probably have a better suggestion than `controls` here 😛

**Type:** `String`

**Default Value:** `name`

**Possible Values:** `name`, `profile`

#### Example: Using `mentions_item_type`

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'mentions',
  mentions_item_type: 'name'
});
```

##### User properties

The user properties table describes which properties you may need to define for the user objects provided via the [mentions_fetch](#mentions_fetch) callback. Which properties are required, optional and not available depends on the [mentions_item_type](#mentions_item_type) setting, which may be of type `name` or `profile`, and the [mentions_select](#mentions_select) setting, which may be of type `profile`.

| Name | Value | `name` | `profile` | Description |
| ---- | ----- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| id | string | required | required | Used to identify the user mention in different callbacks |

> | name | string | required | required |  Name to display and highlight search matches on |

Reviewer 4: `search matches` reads a little bit odd. I don't think we need both words, so maybe just make this something like this?
```suggestion
| name | string | required | required |  Name to display and highlight matches |
```

| image | string | not available | optional | Image source for user avatar |
| description | string | not available | optional | Description to display |

### `mentions_min_chars`

{{site.requires_5_6v}}

> This option makes it possible to specify the number of characters a user need to type after the "@" symbol before the list of users will be displayed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This option makes it possible to specify the number of characters a user needs to type after the "@" symbol before the list of users will be displayed.
```

### `mentions_select`

> This option enables you to provide an element to be presented below a hovered mention on the page. This could include more details about the user. You can either create a custom hover element or use a pre-defined one.

Reviewer 4: Again, avoid using "you" here please.
```suggestion
This option enables an element to be presented below a mention when hovered over on the page. This could include more details about the user. A custom hover element can created or a pre-defined can be used instead.
```

> #### `mentions_select` `profile`

Reviewer 4: This is a very confusing place to put this, as it breaks the flow of the content and makes it look like type, etc... only apply to this heading, not the `mentions_select` heading.

This would probably be better as an admonition/note instead.

Author: I moved it below the `mentions_select` example. Thanks for all the fixes!

{{site.requires_5_6v}}

If the string "profile" is provided, the mentions `profile` item will be used. Refer to the [User properties](#userproperties) table for more details on what user properties are required for this item.

> **Type:** `function` or `String`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Type:** `Function` or `String`
```
